Welcome to Les Cerises!
Thank you for coming.
See you next time!
(Sigh)
[ICHINOSE]
I see we have a new
girl working part-time.
Yeah, she started today...
She said she's just always
loved our cakes.
I'm gonna need you to show her
the ropes. Okay, Ichinose?
Sure.
♪Opening song♪
[SUNA] Takeo.
[Takeo] Yeah?
You look suspicious.
You think so?
You're worried about her.
Hm. Yeah, worrying's not going
to help anything, is it?
I must learn to have
more faith in the world.
And be ready if
something goes wrong.
[RINKO]
Takeo!
Hm!
Oh! Ms. Yamato!
Huh?
(Laugh)
(Takeo and Rinko laugh)
So how did work go?
Oh! It was
really fun today!
[RINKO]
And it's all thanks to you for
encouraging me to go for it.
Hm?
[RINKO]
I swear. This place has
the most amazing cakes
in the entire universe!
Really?
Each and
every one is so intricate.
I have no idea how
they can make things so
delicate and beautiful.
I'd love to watch them and see
how the professionals do it.
They're looking
for part-time help.
[RINKO]
What?! Oh my gosh!
You're right!
Oh?
If you wanna do it, you
should give it a shot.
Yeah, but...
If I were to get a job,
then I wouldn't be able
to see you as much anymore.
And spring break's just
getting started.
[TAKEO]
It's okay.
You should do it!
Spring break comes every year.
And this is one of those
super rare opportunities!
[TAKEO]
So this is one of those
cakes from Les Cerises...
It really is
something else.
It's like it's
not even real.
Like it's fake
or made out of
plastic or something.
Huh?
[SUNA]
Don't worry. I'm pretty sure
he's saying that he likes it.
It's true!
It's a work of art!
[TAKEO]
Okay. So this is what she meant
when she talked about
how professionals do it.
One more test.
(Light giggle)
Uh. It's really sweet.
Uh-huh!
It tastes like cake.
Yeah.
I can't think of anything
more interesting to say!
Hm. There's a lot of
complex flavors in here.
Yeah, right?! Super rich,
but still not too heavy.
And whatever they're
doing with the liqueurs is
incredible.
Total genius!
Mmyeah?
There's this baking
company called Mandarin.
And they have a contest
where people enter cakes
using their liqueurs.
Listen to her.
Oh! I'm sorry. I'm just
sitting here rambling on.
No. Please, keep on talking.
Since you're always
such a good listener,
I sometimes get carried away
and don't know when to stop.
I guess that's just
one of those things that
I love about you the most.
(Giggle)
And look there I go again!
[TAKEO]
I love her.
After my shift, they told me
that today was rather easy,
so it makes me wonder what it'll
be like when it's not so slow.
Well, once you're used to it,
I'll have to come pay you
a visit and get some cake.
Mm-hmm! That'd be great.
And when that happens, I will
buy a giant mountain of cakes!
(Manager greeting)
You will have the
biggest sale of the day!
[GIRLS]
Welcome to Les Cerises!
(Captivated sigh)
♪Harp music♪
(Sigh)
[ICHINOSE]
Hey!
Shouldn't you be
doing something?
Ah! Oh, I'm so sorry!
I'm just kidding.
If there's anything you
don't understand,
feel free to ask me.
Huh?
My name's Ichinose.
I'm kinda the owner's
right-hand man around here.
Ahhh... I, um...
I'm a big fan of making
sweets and cakes too.
But yours are so well-done that
I couldn't help but stare.
Do you want to be a
pastry chef or something?
I do!
It's not easy.
It may seem glamorous,
but it's a lot of work.
And it can be a pretty
competitive field.
I've done well in a few
competitions myself...
Oh my gosh!
Well. Good
luck to you.
Thanks!
(Register beeping)
You have a great
day now, okay?
[Workers]
We did it!
Great job today!
That's that!
Hm? Whatcha need?
You know, I was
watching you work today.
The way you welcome people
into the store is a bit strange.
Huh? Uh, welcome
to Les Cerises...
Welcome to Les Cerises...
[ICHINOSE]
Also, you're too slow at packing
the cakes into boxes.
Welcome- ah!
You need to be aware.
Our reputation begins
at the front door.
[ICHINOSE]
The owner told me to
keep an eye on you and
show you how it works.
I'm sure you'll
do better tomorrow.
Wonder if she's getting
used to her new job yet.
Well I'm sure more-so
than her first day.
Wha-?!
Ms. Yamato...
(Shaky stammering)
Sometimes working
isn't always the easiest
thing in the world, y'know?
Yeah. That's true.
Oh!
But... I'll keep at it!
(Gasp)
I can get faster
at packing orders!
And I've really enjoyed seeing
how everything is made.
I've been learning so much!
I mean, I've only
just started, right?
So by the time you come
and see me at the shop,
you're gonna think I've been
doing it for years! Okay?!
Ah?
(Excited gasp)
[TAKEO]
Can you believe how brave
and strong she is?
[SUNA]
Well, yeah.
Remember how
she came after you?
That takes a special
kind of person.
Uh, hey...
Yes?
Don't let what Ichinose said
bother you. He's like that.
Huh?
You've been doing
a great job, okay?
He doesn't have a very
friendly disposition, and well,
he has been know to rub
people the wrong way.
But the guy has the looks
and he sure can cook.
I know! His technique
is really incredible!
At any rate, try not to
take everything he says
too seriously, alright?
Huh? Okay.
[RINKO]
See ya. I'm heading out.
[WORKERS]
Good job today!
See you tomorrow!
Ah!
(Gasp)
(Flabbergasted)
Ah! Ichinose!
Is this some new
kind of cake? What is it?
Uh... Hm...
They're beautiful!
Like something out of a dream!
Just spectacular!
Do they taste as
good as they look?
You tell me.
Ah! Oh God! Oh, no, no, no!
I couldn't possibly! No, no...
But I really want to.
Just eat it.
Wow, what is that?
Is it Bergamot?
[ICHINOSE]
That's in there...
Of course!
It's sweet, and it's sour!
And very delicious!
Only a true professional comes
up with something like that.
When is this one going to
go on sale to the public?
We won't be selling it.
Huh?!
Why not?
Because... because
I came up with it.
Ah! So then, you're
not allowed to sell the
cakes you come up with?
Actually, the owner said
that he was okay with it.
Okay... Then why
can't we sell it?
I tried doing that once.
I created something.
We put them on the shelf...
and they sat there.
(Gasp)
ARGH! I watched them
sit there all day long
until we switched off the
lights and threw them away!
(Sigh)
Um, then how about this?
If there are any
left at the end of the day,
then I will buy them.
Well, I can buy
like three anyway!
And then I'll share
them with friends!
Then everybody
will want one!
Um... Why would you do
something like that for me?
Ichinose, this cake is
a wonderful creation,
and I think the world
needs to see it.
(Echo)
[ICHINOSE]
The world needs to see it....
Fine. Then we shall put
three on sale tomorrow.
All right! I'll really
put on the hard sell.
[ICHINOSE AND RINKO]
"I'll do my best to sell them!
Just for you, Ichinose!"
I'm really looking
forward to this. I'll
see you tomorrow then!
[RINKO] (Echo)
I'm looking forward...
[ICHINOSE]
"I'm looking forward to
seeing you, Ichinose."
[CUSTOMER]
Look! well this is new!
You're right. Never
seen that one before.
It's great! I totally
recommend it.
Okay then.
I'll give it a try.
I'll take one too!
Ahh! Thank you so much!
You're gonna love it.
[ICHINOSE]
Oh yes. It's just as I thought.
(Giggle)
This girl
is in love with me.
Oh?
So uh...
What was your name again?
Huh? Rinko Yamato.
Oh, I only need
your first name.
Oh. Then just Rinko.
[SUNA]
I think this may actually
be worse than the bushes.
I don't want Ms. Yamato to
know that I'm spying on her.
There she is!
[TAKEO]
Look at her. She's beautiful.
She's even beautiful when
she's sweeping up trash.
(Creaking)
'Kay. We can go now.
Thank God.
[ICHINOSE]
Rinko!
HM!
Come on inside. You can take
a break now.
Oh, okay.
"Rinko"...?
Did he just call her... Rinko?
[TAKEO]
Who was that guy?
He was... he was handsome.
[SUNA]
Takeo, you wanna start
heading back? It's hot.
Nothing's ever hurt
me like this before.
You can call her
by her first name.
Wha-?! UHH!
It doesn't have
to be so hard.
You know that
makes me nervous!
Imagine how happy she'd be,
if all the sudden you called
her by her first name?
Huh?
Makoto...
Ughh...
You see?
It just doesn't work!
Now wait. That is
completely different!
No it isn't!
[TAKEO]
I don't know why,
but it seems like
the hardest thing in the world.
It's so easy for some people.
But I...
I just can't do it.
(Tired sigh)
(Workers exclaiming)
They're spectacular!
These are absolutely
fabulous, sir!
Well it was Ichinose
who came up with it.
OH!
Go ahead and try one.
(Girls laughing)
[WORKERS]
Don't mind if I do!
Mmm... I love it!
It's so cool and
refreshing and delicious!
Hm.
[GIRLS]
Did Ichinose just smile?
[RINKO]
Takeo!
Hey.
I brought
something for ya!
Ice cream?
Yeah. The pastry
chef at the shop
threw a gelato
party for us.
Oh! There he is.
That's him right there.
HMM!
It's him!
[TAKEO] A good looking guy.
[RINKO] Check out his car!
A stylish car.
Anyway, he's like
a food genius.
A freakin' pastry chef...
I really look up to him.
So professional. And he knows
everything about baking!
[TAKEO]
What is happening right now?!
I'm so glad I took this job!
Hm!
(Nervously)
Okay.
Yeah, that's great.
Uh-huh!
Hey Takeo, try this.
It's the one that I thought
was the best of the bunch.
Thank you.
You can have some too, Suna.
[SUNA]
Thanks.
I think I really screwed up.
I should have never told
her to go for that job.
I can't even talk about cakes
let alone try to bake one.
Eat it quick. If it
hasn't melted already.
[RINKO]
It's so good,
you have to try it.
(Giggle)
Huh?
I need to stop.
Everything's fine.
Look at her.
Look how she's smiling.
But I'm losing
confidence in myself.
I'm doubting everything.
I'm can't even be happy
for her right now.
I'm so pathetic.
Takeo... is something wrong?
Oh no. Everything's just fine.
Couldn't be better!
(Giggle)
[WORKER 1]
I honestly can't
believe Ichinose
even suggested
something like that.
[WORKER 2]
And when I see the
way he talks to Rinko,
it makes me start to think
he's actually a nice person.
I swear that was the first time
I've ever seen him smile!
(Girls laugh)
And you know what?
He really is amazing.
[RINKO] (Echoing)
Amazing... amazing... amazing...
[ICHINOSE]
Perhaps this is fate.
Have I met my Muse?
[TAKEO]
The ocean could take me.
It could pick me
up and wash me away.
To the sea, I am nothing.
I know exactly what you mean.
But then again, no, not really.
[TAKEO]
I have no one to blame
but myself.
It is because my own fear
and insecurity
that I can't overcome
something so simple
as calling the one I love
by her first name.
I feel so small.
[SUNA]
What your feeling
is normal.
What you say?!
It's normal for you to be
feeling like crap
when there's some other guy
hanging around your girlfriend.
Pfft.
What?
Never thought I'd say it,
but I guess you're just
an ordinary guy after all.
Huh?
Maybe I am.
And maybe it's true...
It's not so strange that
someone else might fall in
love with Ms. Yamato, too.
And that there would be
someone out there that has
more in common with her.
[RINKO]
Takeo!
I guess I've never really
thought about that possibility.
Takeo?
She's just always
seemed so happy.
I love you!
C'mon, Takeo... You don't
need to let this get you down.
She's only known this
guy for like a week.
Huh?
It takes a lot longer than
that for people to fall in love.
You're right!
Mm-hmm.
I mean, I love Ms. Yamato!
And of course anyone
in their right mind
would love her too!
Mm-hmm.
You're like the
smartest guy ever!
Mm.
I think what you
need to do now
is call her
by her first name.
I'll do it! Hm?
(Phone jingles)
[RINKO]
I've gotten the hang
of my job now.
Come see me any
time you want!
How 'bout right now?! Yeah!
[OWNER]
Y'know that gelato yesterday
was a huge success.
What inspired you to create it?
I thought about what would make
someone happy.
Huh?
What would someone
want to experience.
Ah!
And make them
come back for more.
(Excited laugh)
Ichinose!
This is simply wonderful! Super!
You've had the technique
and the right sense of palette,
but your approachability has
always been a bit brash.
This is a splendid
improvement!
Take a look at this!
I think you're ready to enter.
You could have a good chance of
winning and get some exposure.
And bring a little bit of extra
attention to the shop too.
Seriously, you've been on a roll
lately. So what do you think?
Rinko?
(Door 'opens)
Huh?
Pardon me, ma'am!
(Giggle)
Oh, Takeo!
You're so silly.
You crack me up.
She knows this guy?
Which of these fine
cakes would you recommend?
What are you doing? Just
order.
Sorry... I'm just
kinda nervous.
[RINKO]
Well the shortcake
is our best seller.
[TAKEO]
Well then, one
shortcake, please.
[RINKO]
But personally,
I'd recommend this one.
[TAKEO]
All right!
And one of those, too.
(Laugh)
How many are you
going to buy?
(Dinging)
Hm.
Thanks a lot!
Please come again!
Did you see her?
She was really good.
Yeah.
[ICHINOSE]
Who were those guys?
Some friends of yours?
Well, uh... Yeah...
The bigger of the
two is my boyfriend.
HM!
Hey! Hey!
You need to break
up with Rinko!
She's a much better match with
me than she is with you!
She's meant for me!
(Growl)
Uh... excuse me?
Uh...
I'm sorry about that.
That was abrupt.
Are you an aspiring
pastry chef as well?
Am I a pastry chef?
Uh, no, I'm not.
Then perhaps you might
be a baking enthusiast?
I have made a batch
of cookies before.
Cookies?! What kind?
Drop, icebox, sable, biscotti,
there are endless varieties!
They were like rice crackers.
Rice crackers aren't
cookies at all!
Like I said, I'm a
better match for her!
Why would Rinko even
date someone like you?!
She was being groped
by a guy on the bus.
I stopped him and-
Oh, I get it!
You helped her
in a time of need
and she fell for you!
You made her feel safe
and protected!
But that's not love!
No, no, no!
That's a mistake!
She just doesn't know that
there are other guys out there
who are far better
suited for her!
Huh!
My name's Ichinose.
21 years old.
I work as a pastry
chef at Les Cerises.
I'm Takeo Goda.
And I'm in high school.
High school?!
Certainly there's
someone out there
better suited for
you as well.
Someone more on the wild
side, like a gorilla...
Or a bear
or something.
(Chuckle)
Look, I'm kidding,
of course.
But surely you can find
someone with more in common.
Someone you can at
least have a normal
conversation with.
More in common?
A normal conversation?
Me! I need to have Rinko!
You must break up with her!
I can't do that.
No, of course.
I shouldn't just expect
you to understand.
Why would you?
But if Rinko wanted to
break up with YOU, you'd
do that for her, yes?
(Small grunt)
[ICHINOSE]
Then I will make it
clear to the both of you
that I am the
better fit for her.
Rinko Yamato
shall be mine!
[SUNA]
That might've gone better
if you had said something
back to the guy.
[TAKEO]
Yeah, but... I have to admit,
he did bring up a good point.
Uh!
We don't really have that
much in common, do we?
I can't talk to her about
any of that cooking stuff.
[TAKEO]
Maybe there is someone
better for her out there.
Welcome home!
[SUNA]
Good to see you.
And you too!
Oh, whatcha got
there? Cakes?!
From Les Cerises?
What's the occasion?
Takeo gave them to me.
What?
[SUNA]
His girlfriend got a
part-time job there.
Oh! Well that fits,
doesn't it?
A cake shop is
perfect for her.
(Cheerful humming)
You know, I think Takeo's
lack of confidence is
worse than I thought.
What?! What do you mean?!
What happened to Takeo?!
[AI]
It's hard to call it
a lack of confidence
or an inferiority complex,
but it is worrisome.
When it comes down
to him trying to
defend himself...
Takeo does tend to
back off somewhat.
[AI]
Do you remember when
he found that lost dog
and brought it home?
He really loved that thing...
He spent every moment
he had with it.
But once he realized the dog had
someone who was missing it,
he desperately started
searching for its owner.
And when he found them,
Takeo held it all in.
He didn't cry.
He just smiled and
let the dog go.
You remember that?
[YURIKO]
Those weather men don't
know a damn thing!
They said it was supposed
to be sunny today.
(Maki coos)
Aw, and your father left this
morning without an umbrella.
He'll get soaked.
[YURIKO]
I guess nobody took an umbrella
with them today, did they?
Ugh, it was not
supposed to rain today.
Uh-huh. I'm gonna wait here
'til it calms down a little bit.
Need a ride?
Oh thanks.
You're a lifesaver.
Where to?
I'm fine with
the train station.
(Phone jingles?)
Oh, my sister's
already on her way.
Looks like I'm gonna
be waiting here.
Well, thanks anyway.
I'll see ya!
[TAKEO]
AH!
It's getting really bad!
I gotta hurry!
[ICHINOSE]
Rinko, I have a favor to ask.
Yeah?
You see, I'll be
entering a competition.
Huh?
It's for baking cakes. I'll need
to come up with three recipes.
[RINKO]
How fun!
[ICHINOSE]
And, Rinko, I'd like
for you to help me.
Huh?
With you by my side,
I know that I
can win this thing!
U-uh...
Please, Rinko!
Okay! If you really
think I'm good enough!
(Grunting)
[AI]
Takeo puts everyone else
first... before himself...
It's like all he really
wants is to make those
that are around him happy.
That's always been
his greatest strength.
And his greatest weakness.
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Heart.